The Happy Bunny Licence (#11)
benlk/misc-licenses: README.md

	- The [Private License](https://licensezero.com/licenses/private): a boilerplate license for commercial use not allowed by the Parity or Prosperity licenses, supported by License Zero's [licensing service](https://guide.licensezero.com/).
- The [Cookie Ware License](https://github.com/c00kiemon5ter/Pancakes) for all lovers of cookies.
- The [Why The Fuck Would You Even Do That Holy Shit Public License](https://git.sr.ht/~boringcactus/gotbruh/tree/main/item/LICENSE.md): a license that prohibits rewriting the software in Python 2.

> - The [Happy Bunny Licence](https://glm.g-truc.net/copying.txt): Military use = Make a Bunny sad :(

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [Happy Bunny Licence](https://glm.g-truc.net/copying.txt): Modified MIT License, where "by making use of the Software for military purposes, you choose to make a Bunny unhappy."
```
